cd test/openmsp430

verilog2vhdl omsp_alu.v
verilog2vhdl omsp_and_gate.v
verilog2vhdl omsp_clock_gate.v
verilog2vhdl omsp_clock_module.v
verilog2vhdl omsp_clock_mux.v
verilog2vhdl omsp_dbg_hwbrk.v
verilog2vhdl omsp_dbg_i2c.v
verilog2vhdl omsp_dbg_uart.v
verilog2vhdl omsp_dbg.v
verilog2vhdl omsp_execution_unit.v
verilog2vhdl omsp_frontend.v
verilog2vhdl omsp_mem_backbone.v
verilog2vhdl omsp_multiplier.v
verilog2vhdl omsp_register_file.v
verilog2vhdl omsp_scan_mux.v
verilog2vhdl omsp_sfr.v
verilog2vhdl omsp_sync_cell.v
verilog2vhdl omsp_sync_reset.v
verilog2vhdl omsp_wakeup_cell.v
verilog2vhdl omsp_watchdog.v
verilog2vhdl openMSP430.v
verilog2vhdl periph/omsp_gpio.v
verilog2vhdl periph/omsp_timerA.v
verilog2vhdl periph/template_periph_16b.v
verilog2vhdl periph/template_periph_8b.v
